echo "PTEST/I.obe"
oberon PTEST/I.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIa.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIa.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIb.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIb.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIc.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIc.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIIa.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIIa.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIIb.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIIb.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIIc.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIIc.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/IIId.obe"
oberon PTEST/IIId.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/guess.obe"
oberon PTEST/guess.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/qs.obe"
oberon PTEST/qs.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/bs.obe"
oberon PTEST/bs.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/div.obe"
oberon PTEST/div.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/t.obe"
oberon PTEST/t.obe
make compile
a.out
echo "PTEST/stack.obe"
oberon PTEST/stack.obe
make compile
a.out
